What did I do yesterday?
What was in my way?
What will I do today?

Monday, 02/12/2024
Liam: Added files for Cypress, verified Jest configuration with sample tests
Kate: Will start Developing budget page
Mehul: Will start creating watchlist of favourite stocks

Saturday, 02/17/2024
Liam: Cleaned out unneeded code (movie review files) from the project repo.
      Started work on blog posting feature. Updated MySQL connection
      configuration. Added new components, added new API route. Added
      routing based on URL.

Monday, 02/19/2024
Liam: Added functionality for viewing all blog posts as a list, as well as a 
      more detailed view by clicking on individual posts. Also added the options
      to delete and edit existing blog posts, if the author_id matches.
Kate: Created budget file, started routing and added amount and category options.
Mehul: Created watchlist page

Tuesday, 02/20/2024
Liam: Improved rendering of tags and author name/profile picture in the app.
      Added sections for comments and reaction emojis on each blog post. Added
      relevant database tables to support this functionality.
Kate: Tried to complete SQL connection for pushing budget inputs to table, not currently working.
Mehul: Created new stocks page and tried to connect to database with API calls.

Wednesday, 02/21/2024
Liam: Added unit tests with Jest and UI end-to-end testing with Cypress for 
      the home page and blog features. Also added description of blog
      features to the project README.

Saturday, 02/24/2024
Kate: Fixed SQL connection for budget entries. Still missing date/time option for entries.
      Added code required for users to be able to add their own categories in their budget.
Mehul: Completed api routing for mysql connection to allow users to put stocks in their watchlist

Sunday, 02/25/2024
Kate: Added code required for a set budget limits page, allowing users to set spending limits for their categories.
      Added piecharts to landing page showing users comparison between budgeted and actual spending.
      Added date/time of entries of incomes/expenses 
      Added option to view and delete transactions
      Added option to view, add and delete categories
      Added jest test file for limits page
      Added description of features to project README
Mehul: Added Alpha Vantage API routing for users to see stock prices on stock page (limited to 25 calls/day)
      Added jest test file for watchlist

Friday, 03/08/2024
Mehul: Created community page for users to create and view communities 
Kate: Created Financial goal page for users to create financial goals
       No database connection yet, just entry fields and error messages for leaving sections blank
       Still need to figure out how to move the legend on BudgetLand page

Saturday, 03/09/2024
Liam: Added login/signup functionality. Use Redux store to allow other
      components to use the current user's account details, such as name,
      username, and profile photo. Users can sign-out from the landing page.

Sunday, 03/10/2024
Kate: Moved goal creation to it's own page
      Added viewing goals on goals home page
      Finished all goals mySQL connections

Monday, 03/11/2024
Liam: Fixed bugs related to posting blogs. Used the new account feature to
      accurrately post blogs under the current user's name, along with comments
      and reactions. Started work on a notifications feature.
Kate: Added status of goals and editing of status

Tuesday, 03/12/2024
Liam: Completed the notification settings interface, allowing the web app to
      request access to desktop notifications. The user can also set which types
      of notifications they want to recieve, and this information is stored on
      the server.

Wednesday, 03/13/2024
Liam: Creating new blog posts, comments, and adding reactions triggers new alert
      events. These notifications get rendered in the notifications interface.
Mehul: Created feature to add and delete friends on community page
Kate: Created Savings page

Thursday, 03/14/2024
Liam: Notifications can now be filtered by the last clear time on a per-user
      basis, as well as based on the user's settings for allowed alerts. Desktop
      alerts are sent for all initially rendered alerts. While the notification
      interface is open, the web app checks for new alerts every ten seconds and
      creates a desktop alert for any new ones found in the last ten seconds.
      Created a Videos page for viewing user-shared videos within the web app.
      Videos are rendered as iframes and can be played on the site, and users can
      share new videos by pasting a title and video embed link to the server.
Mehul: Created messaging feature for users to message friends in their friend list
       Also created jest test files for the community and messaging features
Kate: Removed savings page, instead added Savings option to incomes/expenses

Friday, 03/15/2024
Liam: Created/updated Cypress end-to-end tests for the blog feature and account
      sign-in feature. Also added Jest tests for the account feature, testing
      account creation, sign-in, and notification settings.

Saturday, 03/23/2024
Liam: Revamped the account feature to use Google Firebase in lieu of POST
      requests to the MySQL server. Username/password combinations are now
      stored in Firebase, and the MySQL server stores the user preferences
      associated with the given email address, but no passwords are stored. Also
      updated old tests and documentation to reflect the changes.
Kate: Created goals Jest test, working on connecting savings and goals progress on mySQL
      Wrote feature descriptions in readme

Friday, 03/30/2024
Mehul: Created a credit score checker page that calculates the user's rough credit score based
       several required inputs

Monday, 04/01/2024
Mehul: Added a new "more info" button on the credit score page to give users a better idea
       of how the credit score feature works.

Tuesday, 04/02/2024
Mehul: Fixed watchlist page to render stocks from mySQL watchlist table
        Included a "unique" checking parameter to make sure all entries are unique in the table
Kate: Changed navigation bar layout for optimized user experience.

Thursday, 04/04/2024
Mehul: Created jest test file for the credit score feature
Liam: Added page for registering account email with UWaterloo openAPI, checking
      whether an email address has already been registered or not. Added Express
      endpoint and Redux state reducer to update an account's API key.

Saturday, 04/06/2024
Liam: Completed UI for confirming email address and submitting an API key to the
      MySQL database. Creating components to handle rendering UWaterloo Food
      Services locations, including outlets and specific franchises. Clicking
      on franchises renders their menu.
Mehul: Fixed multiple jest test files

Sunday, 04/07/2024
Liam: Implemented UI and server endpoints for fetching and rendering important
      dates provided by the university through their OpenAPI.

Monday, 04/08/2024
Liam: Updated old test files to account for new changes. Wrote new tests (Jest
      and Cypress) for the ImportantDates feature. Updated project README.